[MUSCI PLAYING]
>> You know how it is when
you learn new information.
You want to tell
everybody about it,
and you start
essentially becoming
an evangelist for whatever it
is you've just found out about.
Well, I've been doing
that for 30 years.
And oftentimes, you start
seeing the faces in front of you
either go blank with boredom--
they don't understand
what you're talking about,
and you realize pretty soon that
it's not being received well.
This is in crude terms, called
casting pearls before swine.
And the reason I bring this
up is in the ancient mystery
traditions, they always
talk about secrecy.
A lot of people think
that means conspiracy.
No.
It means something
entirely different.
It keeps us from
diluting our energies.
throwing information
about in a careless manner
with those people who are not
open to it, which often
allows them to reflect back
to us their own prejudices
and fears, which then makes
us doubt what we're
just now exploring
and investing ourselves into.
This is a very
delicate period of time
where new information
is surfacing by the day.
You do not want to
have what you're
embracing, what you're pondering
tainted by anybody else's
negativity.
So for that reason,
that's what the secrecy
is about when it comes to this
new, engaging, even esoteric
information.
So instead, wait until you
have an audience that really
wants to take on
this information
and maybe even come
together in little groups.
And one of the things
I've always encouraged
is when you find like-minded
souls in this time,
come together, maybe even
watch some of our Gaia videos,
and start finding
that you do have
some compadres to talk with.
But don't toss it
about carelessly.
So no matter how juicy,
do everyone a favor.
Don't waste your time
and energy on deaf ears.